Update documenation following Python3 support in the agent (#4027)
DataDog/datadog-agent: README.md

2. cd into the project folder: `cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/DataDog/datadog-agent`.
3. Install project's dependencies: `invoke deps`.
   Make sure that `$GOPATH/bin` is in your `$PATH` otherwise this step might fail.
4. Build the `rtloader` dependency with `invoke rtloader.build && invoke
   rtloader.install`. You will need CMake installed and a C++ compiler for this
   to work.
   `rtloader` is in charge of loading and running Python. By default `rtloader`

>    will be build for Python2 you can choose which versions of Python you want

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   will be built for Python2, but you can choose which versions of Python you want
```

   to support:
   - `invoke rtloader.build -p 2` for Python2 only
   - `invoke rtloader.build -p 3` for Python3 only
   - `invoke rtloader.build -p 2,3` for both Python2 and Python3
5. Build the agent with `invoke agent.build --build-exclude=systemd`. You can

>    specify custome Python location for the agent (useful when using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   specify a custom Python location for the agent (useful when using
```
